# 005-AutoCoder Using Search Engines

In the previous content, we introduced that AutoCoder can review source code and documentation simultaneously, and finally combine your requirements to iterate the code.

In fact, this document has two possibilities:

1. Documentation for APIs or SDKs
2. Some design ideas

Usually, for API or SDK documentation, it is acceptable to specify through the urls parameter. AutoCoder >= 0.1.18 also supports specifying local files and supports documents such as PDF, Word, etc.

However, if you wish for AutoCoder to use search engines to find some ideas, that is also possible. To enable the search engine capability, you need to do two things:

1. Apply for a search API Token from Google or Bing
2. Include two parameters in the AutoCoder parameters

Firstly, for applying for the API Token, we recommend Bing. You can visit here: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/bing/apis/bing-web-search-api to get the token.

Next is to enable the search feature:

```yml
source_dir: /tmp/t-py
target_file: /home/winubuntu/projects/ByzerRawCopilot/output.txt

model: qianwen_chat
model_max_length: 2000
model_max_input_length: 100000
anti_quota_limit: 5

search_engine: bing
search_engine_token: ENV {{BING_SEARCH_TOKEN}}

## Execute the prompt generated by auto-coder
execute: true
## Extract the code from the prompt generated by auto-coder
## and overwrite the source code
auto_merge: true

project_type: py

human_as_model: true

query: >
  Modify server.py, after the code app = FastAPI()
  Add the initialization connection code for ray.
```

Here, we can see the search_engine and search_engine_token parameters. When you use ENV {{BING_SEARCH_TOKEN}}, AutoCoder will find the value of BING_SEARCH_TOKEN in your environment variables. If you are not using environment variables, you can simply copy your token and replace "ENV {{BING_SEARCH_TOKEN}}".

Note that AutoCoder requires you to configure the Model for it to take effect. In addition, AutoCoder will also use large models to filter the search results, and there may ultimately be no suitable ones, in which case the search content will not affect the subsequent code generation.