# 028-AutoCoder_How to efficiently generate and modify multiple files

The token generated by our large model at one time is limited, and generally much smaller than the input. This means that if you need to generate a large amount of code, you may need to generate it in multiple rounds.

AutoCoder provides a great feature to help you efficiently generate and modify multiple files. You can achieve this through the following steps:

```yml
## When generating code, each file is generated one at a time. Currently, large models cannot generate too many files at once, so multiple rounds of generation are needed
enable_multi_round_generate: true
```

There are two scenarios here,

## If you have enabled human_as_model

That is:

```yml
human_as_model: true
```
Then AutoCoder will pause during the code generation phase of the large model and put the prompt into `target_file`. You need to copy and paste it to the web end, then copy all corresponding content (not just the code) to the command line of AutoCoder, then press Enter after typing `EOF`. At this point, AutoCoder will continue to give you the new prompt (usually the word 'continue'), and then you continue to copy and paste it to the web end, then copy the corresponding content to the command line of AutoCoder, then press Enter after typing `EOF`. Repeat this process until all your files are generated or the web end tells you that all files have been generated. At this point, you need to:

1. Press Enter, type '__completed__', and press Enter
2. Type `EOF` and press Enter

This completes the final input process.

'__completed__' means that the multi-round conversation can be ended. `EOF` means the end of the current round and the start of the next round.

## If you have not enabled human_as_model

Then all operations will be automatically completed by AutoCoder. However, if your model cannot accurately end (such as giving '__completed__' as required by AutoCoder at the end), it may enter an infinite loop. Fortunately, AutoCoder limits the maximum of 10 rounds of generation, and if it exceeds 10 rounds, AutoCoder will automatically end.